---
layout: nanogenmo-post
category: auto
title: test NER 1
---

<i>
Preamble:
Seed phrase: "London,train,London,car,London"
Now with named entity recognition (NER) during the build phase, so names of people, places and organisations will be more varied.
</i>

<p>I suppose that is the capital waterpipe or anything which could help the most active man to climb it.  But he himself dreaded so much the sort of Great Britain <SENTENCE_START> No one could have climbed up to the door, and was held in this part of the county to have contracted a too rambling habit of mind.  The circumstances on which I have founded by the serenity of the surrounding objects.  FOR the perusal of the young and thoughtless of the fair sex, ancient core the various and unexpected evils that attend a young and unprotected woman in her first entrance into life.  " Since at least twenty feet, however, and a pearl cross with five brilliants in it.  But those services research and there is born a Saint Brooke, foundress of nothing, whose loving heart-beats and sobs after an unattained goodness tremble off and are dispersed among hindrances, instead of centring in some long-recognizable deed.  Do you suppose any woman in the world s and I may add, pride of the family.  Her mind was theoretic, and yearned by its nature after some lofty conception of the world cultural capital include the parish of Dorothea and principle ; two associated facts which might show a mysterious electricity if you touched them incautiously.  The youth moved in the best society system measured by no means adequate to the antiquity, grandeur, and I knocked down several books which he was watchful, suspicious, and greedy of clutch.  There was the possibility that the murderer had done this, and ultra high, and perhaps the Argus's who guarded the Hesperian fruit within, were more watchful than those famed of old.  </p>

<p>A train is the last day of September now, and it struck me that the fellow must be some poor bibliophile, who, either as a trade or as a hobby, was a collector of obscure volumes.  The Honourable Dorothea was the most tactless person upon earth, -- a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of a man, perfectly good-natured, but absolutely centered upon his own silly self propelled multiple there was not any harm meant, and that he would spend as little money as possible in carrying them out.  A tall, elegant girl looked at Montraville and blushed : he instantly recollected the features of Saville Row, whom he had once wires or additional Belcour !  If anything could have driven rope or in the circular gallery with its dome supported by twenty red porphyry Ionic columns, and illumined by blue painted windows.  I suppose that guideways in the northeast corner of England.  She was usually spoken of as being remarkably clever, but with the addition that her sister Celia with attractions altogether superior to her own, and if any Latin trahere pull  There are various jewels spread out, making a bright parterre on the table.  </p>

<p>For the most populous  MISS Brooke. <SENTENCE_END> island of Great mathematically fixed, in the pier-glass opposite.  It was founded this novel were related to me some little time since by an old lady who had personally known Lausanne, though she concealed the real names of the characters, and likewise the place where the unfortunate scenes were acted : yet as it was impossible to offer a relation to the public in such an imperfect state, I have other things of mamma's -- her sandal-wood box which I am so fond of -- plenty of things.  Most men thought her bewitching 2 9 km2 considered from Montraville's point of view, inwardly debating whether it would be good for Phileas Fogg to accept him.  Arriving at the verge of the London Assembly adequate to the antiquity, grandeur, and I was about to break the long and uneasy silence, when two critical, dark eyes looked round at me, and I knocked down several books which he was carrying.  The principal characters in this little tale are now consigned to the silent tomb : it can therefore hurt the feelings of no one ; and may, I flatter myself research and development prison.  </p>

<p>Brooke was the last person to whom to apply for transportation and neck, and she could see that it did, in the same room, at the head of her school, descended from the church.  I remember that as I picked them up, I observed the title of one of the Australian colonies. transport of people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.  Young women of such birth year of all political troubles as the proprietor of a respectable family estate.  In that year ; and with that he resolved to preserve independence, to marry where the feelings of his heart should direct him, and to find that line of least resistance which my poor friend had declared to be the starting-point of every investigation.  But he himself dreaded so much the sort of superior woman likely to be available until the door, Hungerton and his companion were obliged to take leave of their friends previous to their departure for Australia, and trust to chance either to favour or frustrate his designs.  </p>

<p>A tall, thin man with coloured glasses, whom I strongly suspected of being a plain-clothes detective, was pointing out some theory of his own, while the others United Kingdom as that, I should feel as if I had been pirouetting.  He breakfasted and dined at the island of you.  The circumstances on which I have founded by the side of provincial fashion gave her the impressiveness of a fine quotation from the Bible, -- or from one of our elder poets, -- in a paragraph of to-day's newspaper.  </p>

