---
layout: thought
category: thoughts
title: Plans for notes about ideas
---

So new plan (from December 2020):

I want to raise my public profile as an expert in using NLP/AI for digital news analysis, especially around trust, verification, misinformation etc.

I want to identify a series of areas and become an expert in them: read key papers, make notes on them (hereish), share findings with colleagues.

And I want to raise my profile through regular blogging, engaged tweeting (e.g. more commenting on others threads), seeking/taking opportunities to speak/present work. Maybe LinkedIn posts too?

Possible talk venues: London Text Analytics, Search Solutions, TTO, Global Fact, FEVER, CheckThat, other workshops attached to EMNLP, etc.



Structure here: 

* set up one markdown file per topic and keep adding notes.
* Deploy as a separate category of blog posts, with no public link to front page of them (but a convenient URL if I DO want to share it / review it prettily.)

### Open questions

* What's the relationship between these notes and things like Evernote, Zotero etc.? Let's keep *Zotero* for storing papers themselves and immediate notes. I'll leave what's in *Evernote* there. This place is maybe more for higher level interconnections? **Ideas** rather than just "this person said X".


## Unsorted ideas

Towards Coinductive Models for Natural Language Understanding. Bringing together Deep Learning and Deep Semantics
Wlodek W. Zadrozny
https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.05715
Proposes underlying theory for NLP